Updates to close POA&M 2020-V0070-SA-11 by restoring compliance guidance (#1428)
cloud-gov/product: StoryLifecycle.md

# Story lifecycle

**Compliance Note**: This document partially fulfills [SA-11](https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/control/SA-11). All updates should ensure we maintain security assessments throughout the story and feature lifecycle, and other comply with our our System Security Plan.

## Stories

> Stories and issues are created to capture work that needs to be done by the team. Our goal is to create multiple smaller stories that can be worked on incrementally rather than one large story that takes significant time to complete.

Reviewer: I don't know how specific things should be, but stories are for work the _might_ need to be done. This could be too pedantic or might be important if someone were to ever ask why a certain story was not done.

> Our team utilizes four swimlanes of "groomed" storeis to manage our work.

Reviewer 2: Caught a couple of misspellings:

```suggestion
Our team utilizes four swim lanes of "groomed" stories to manage our work.
```

> **Story Definition**: Groomed stories that accepted for the backlog should include:

Reviewer 2: Missing word:

```suggestion
**Story Definition**: Groomed stories that are accepted for the backlog should include:
```

Author: Fixed in latest commit.

  * We summarize the feature for the JAB Technical Reviewers in (or in a doc linked from) the [agenda for the next bi-weekly JAB Technical Reviewers meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jGddQkjkQ6e9B0UTq9hfQqHe0btAbTeBGL_DxkozAcg/edit#).
  
    * We've received a determination from the JAB Technical Reviewers as to whether they agree a Significant Change Request (SCR) is warranted. If the determination is "yes", the card is tagged with `SCR:Yes`. Otherwise the card is tagged with `SCR:No`.
    * If the card is tagged `SCR:Yes`:
    * The feature should include a story covering delivery of a [Significant Change Request](https://docs.google.com/a/gsa.gov/document/d/16GaDO1xnHrqEEetbonNpo4P10LlGoDHR-jedqBo1yB8/edit?usp=drive_web) in [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B1cewEqKcWCbU1lSUXhEVUNZWUU).
    * The SCR is submitted to the JAB Technical Reviewers (with 3PAO testing results if necessary).
    * The JAB Technical Reviewers have approved the SCR.

Compliance control notes:

* Security impact analysis is due to CM-3 part b, CM-4
* New software integration check is due to CM-7 (5) part a
* Security test planning is due to SA-11 part a

> ## Swimlanes

Reviewer 2: Spell check is saying "swim lanes" is two words:

```suggestion
## Swim Lanes
```

### Backlog

* Prioritized and groomed stories/issues. 
* **Entrance**: Weekly prioritization meeting reviews and prioritizes stories to develop a list in rank order of the 10 highest priorities stories/issues.

> * **Exit**: The team pulls the next thing to work on from the top of the backlog and into the doing swimlane.

Reviewer 2: Spelling fix:

```suggestion
* **Exit**: The team pulls the next thing to work on from the top of the backlog and into the doing swim lane.
```

### Doing

* Stories/issues that are in progress/actively being worked on.
* **Entrance**: Team members pull a story into the doing column from the backlog when they begin work on a given story/issue.

> * **Exit**: Stories/issues are moved to the closed swimlane once they are complete.

Reviewer 2: Spelling fix:

```suggestion
* **Exit**: Stories/issues are moved to the closed swim lane once they are complete.
```

## Closed
## Swimlanes

**Entrance**: Team members move stories/issues to the close swimlane once the work is complete (satisfy the acceptance criteria) OR stories/issues are no longer relevant or a priority.
### Backlog

* Prioritized and groomed stories/issues. 
* **Entrance**: Weekly prioritization meeting reviews and prioritizes stories to develop a list in rank order of the 10 highest priorities stories/issues.
* **Exit**: The team pulls the next thing to work on from the top of the backlog and into the doing swimlane.

### Doing

* Stories/issues that are in progress/actively being worked on.
* **Entrance**: Team members pull a story into the doing column from the backlog when they begin work on a given story/issue.
* **Exit**: Stories/issues are moved to the closed swimlane once they are complete.

Required for compliance:

> Related controls: CM-4, CM-9, CM-11, SC-18

Reviewer 2: Just checking that we don't need to explicitly call these out to help identify which controls are being addressed by these steps.

Author: Restored these in case we need 'em.

> * The deployment must follow our [Configuration Management plan](https://docs.cloud.gov/ops/configuration-management/).  If not possible, contact the Program Management team to modify the story or discuss how to update the Configuration Management plan.  

Reviewer: Technically, docs.cloud.gov is a redirect. Therefore, this link is actually https://cloud.gov/docs/ops/configuration-management/. Not sure if this matters.

> * If the deployment includes 18F-developed code, ensure the repository is configured to run [Code Climate static analysis on each PR](https://docs.codeclimate.com/docs/github#pull-requests).

Reviewer 2: Should this be `cloud.gov`-developed code instead?

Also, do we need to do anything about the reference to Code Climate here and the line below?

> * If the deployment includes 18F-developed code, ensure the repository is configured to run [Code Climate static analysis on each PR](https://docs.codeclimate.com/docs/github#pull-requests).

Reviewer: Is it still '18F' code or should it be 'cloud.gov' code?

> * The work completed adheres to all of [cloud.gov's policies and procedures](https://github.com/18F/compliance-docs).

Reviewer: The repo should be https://github.com/cloud-gov/cg-compliance-docs

> **Entrance**: Team members move stories/issues to the close swimlane once the work is complete (satisfy the acceptance criteria) OR stories/issues are no longer relevant or a priority.

Reviewer 2: Spelling fix:

```suggestion
**Entrance**: Team members move stories/issues to the close swim lane once the work is complete (satisfy the acceptance criteria) OR stories/issues are no longer relevant or a priority.
```
